(HaSeul & Kim Lip practicing dance moves of ViViD)
HaSeul & Kim Lip: I keep smiling all day♪
HaSeul & Kim Lip: Fill me up with many colors, red orange yellow green♪
HaSeul: Right, we're memorizing the choregoraphy.
HaSeul: I will learn all dances of all our songs!
Kim Lip: She is so angry about that she wore a full makeup~
KIm Lip: Ah, not angry.
Kim Lip: She's so excited~ From this early morning~
HaSeul: The chemistry between Lip & Seul!
HaSeul & Kim Lip: Lip! Seul! Cross!
(Suddenly Lip&Seul running to somewhere!)
Kim Lip: The MV shooting has started! Let's go!
(They shows a passion for reporting!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Chuu - Heart Attack"
Kim Lip: Isn't she cute?
Kim Lip: It's my friend!
HaSeul: Your freind?
HaSeul: You're againt the light.
Kim Lip: I'm so happy to see that my friend are preparing for the debut~!
HaSeul: Ah~ really?
Kim Lip: I will be watching you~!
HaSeul: where is your owl ring?
Kim LIp: I'll watching you with my owl ring!